last week that Mike would be bringing a
Hummer to the station today but there
was a bit of a snafu and that vehicle
will actually be here next week but
today we're going to do something a
little sporty ER and a lot more
affordable mike blake is outside with
paul to show us the supercharged 2007
chevy cobalt SS good morning guys hey
good morning Angela mike blake from
carlisle events is always morning Paul
thanks for coming in and let us mention
we're gonna have our Hummer next week
but we're not gonna yeah yeah we will
definitely have it but we're not going
to disappoint people as hell we still
have a very nice vehicle what do we have
you know this is a new age American
muscle car it's light its quick it's got
a lot of power to 2007 chevrolet cobalt
SS supercharged it's got a supercharger
in it alright let's talk about price and
miles per gallon first of all it is base
priced at about 21,000 the prices tested
is 24,000 it's epa-rated at 22 in the
city and 30 on the highway but I've
actually averaged 32 and a half miles
per gallon with it's the only car this
year I've averaged higher than the epa
rating now you said it's roughly starts
at a base price of about twenty one
which is pretty reasonable and you also
mention that this is kind of a new age
sports or muscle car muscle car why do
you call it that in the old days in the
day a muscle car was a big heavy car a
couple of tons 300 horsepower right
nowadays it's any light car this is only
2,900 pounds they can spin the tires and
really go out to the slalom to the track
or burnt tires on the street and inside
you really have that feel of a sports
card so you sure do and if you look over
on the a-pillar you even have a
turbocharged boost gauge which shows you
when the turbocharger is enacted all
right we got to go ahead and start this
up to
you kind of get that that feeling that
has a little bit of a throat eNOS to it
has a good amount of pick up i guess you
can set it to the Grell you can set it
to the the thundering / let's say an
inline-four engine it's two liter it's
200 horsepower 205 pounds feet of torque
I've gone 0 2 16 about six and a half
seconds quarter mile and 15 fly and when
we're talking the supercharged engine
here I mean you said it has how many
horsepower it steward horsepower Brett
it kicks in and again it's only a
twenty-nine hundred pound car this is a
blank canvas it's a performance and
style car if you're the compact tuner
crowd you want this car also if you want
to just show off on the street there's a
great street car for you so it's an easy
curl you want to kind of customize it a
little bit show off a little bit you got
a good car on canvas it already has
seven speaker system but you can really
upgrade it inside alright microwave from
Carlo events as always thanks so much
we'll see it next week with the hungry
the Hummer I have every weekend my
clunky Angela back to you alright thanks
guys and as they meant new Hummer h3 x